README.md, before:

# SilverStripe chec.io integration

[![Build Status](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/fspringveldt/silverstripe-checio-integration/badges/build.png?b=master)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/fspringveldt/silverstripe-checio-integration/build-status/master)
[![scrutinizer](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/fspringveldt/silverstripe-checio-integration/badges/quality-score.png?b=master)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/fspringveldt/silverstripe-checio-integration/)

## Introduction

This module adds a `[BuyNow][/BuyNow]` shortcode to the SilverStripe CMS which can integrate with [chec.io](https://chec.io)

## Requirements

 * SilverStripe 3.2+

## Installation

 ```sh
 $ composer require fspringveldt/checio-integration
 ```
 
 ### Loading the chec.io javascript
 
 This extension automatically tries to load the chec.io javascript file, but for some reason should your active template block requirements, `ChecIOExtension::getChecIOJs()` fetches and loads this 
 javascript content inline for you. 
 
 Placing this before the closing body tag (e.g. `$ChecIOJs</body>`) in either your mysite or themes' templates/Page.ss ensures that it always
 gets loaded.
 
## Usage

The below short code should be placed in your the content section of your CMS page editor window

`[BuyNowButton,data-chec-product-id="<your product id>",class="btn"]<your button text>[/BuyNowButton]`

replacing `<your product id>` with your chec.io product id and `<your button text>` with the text you want displayed in your button/link.

## Maintainer

Franco Springveldt - fspringveldt@gmail.com

## License

This module is licensed under the [MIT license](LICENSE).

Commit message:

Update package name, add phpcs/phpunit, update readme for Silverstripe 4 fork

README.md, after:

# Chec integration for Silverstripe 4

[![Build Status](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/fspringveldt/silverstripe-checio-integration/badges/build.png?b=master)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/fspringveldt/silverstripe-checio-integration/build-status/master)
[![scrutinizer](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/fspringveldt/silverstripe-checio-integration/badges/quality-score.png?b=master)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/fspringveldt/silverstripe-checio-integration/)

## Introduction

This module adds a `[BuyNow][/BuyNow]` shortcode to the Silverstripe CMS which can integrate with
[Chec Platform](https://chec.io) in order to display a "buy now" button for your Chec products, with an
integrated checkout window. 

This project is a fork of [fspringveldt/silverstripe-checio-integration](https://github.com/fspringveldt/silverstripe-checio-integration)
which should be used for SilverStripe 3.x projects.

## Requirements

 * Silverstripe CMS ^4.5

## Installation

```
composer require robbieaverill/silverstripe-chec
```
 
### Loading the Chec JavaScript
 
This extension automatically tries to load the Chec JavaScript file, but for some reason should your active template
block requirements, `ChecExtension::getJavaScript()` fetches and loads this JavaScript content inline for you. 
 
Placing this before the closing body tag (e.g. `$ChecJavaScript</body>`) in either your `app` or
`themes/templates/Page.ss` ensures that it always gets loaded.
 
## Usage

The below short code should be placed in your the content section of your CMS page editor window:

```
[BuyNowButton,data-chec-product-id="<your product id>",class="btn"]<your button text>[/BuyNowButton]
```

Replace `<your product id>` with your Chec product ID and `<your button text>` with the text you want displayed
in your button/link.

## Maintainer

Robbie Averill <robbie@chec.io>

## License

This module is licensed under the [BSD-3-Clause license](LICENSE). The project is a fork of
[fspringveldt/silverstripe-checio-integration](https://github.com/fspringveldt/silverstripe-checio-integration),
and the original license has been retained in accordance.
